# Project Name: The Whereabout of the missing xxxx

This project is about a fictional story that was happening on campus. One day, one of the students here at NYU Abu Dhabi, Mariette, realizes that his underwear got stolen in the laundry room. So she started her investigation on finding out who is the “pervert” that took her laundry. Her ex-boyfriend, chad, who was in the laundry room at the time, was undoubtedly the target of suspicion. Besides that, Maid, a visiting student from New York, who is also a furious cat lover, was also brought to the investigation room as she was also found suspicious. In this video, audiences will be able to watch victims and suspects answering different questions and make their conclusions about what was going on at the time and who was the real “laundry thief”. By combining the elements of suspense and humor, the video is intended to make audiences think and smile at the same time.

In terms of the process of project-making, we all participated in the ideation of the structure of the project. Injoo and Rasa put a lot of work into writing the actual scripts of the interviews and finding participants to film our videos. Zaid and I were more invested in designing and building the layouts of our websites and tried to make the theme of the website fit with the actual video better to facilitate the final presentation. After we both finished our parts, group members all exchanged their ideas by commenting on the parts they were not working on, so that we could improve the quality of the video and the construction of the website at the same time.

From my perspective, we successfully met our original goal as we did create a story that has a very strong plot, clear editing, and a well-structured website that goes with it. If there is anything we could improve, it would be adding more sound effects to the website to make it more interactive, and maybe adding some hover effect to the profile pictures of all the characters so that when people hover their mouse on the images of the characters, their facial expression will change.
